We're lost.
We're totally lost.
We're fine, Tracey.
I told you
hiking was crazy.
We should have just
bought plaid shirts
and gone to a resort.
We'll hit the trail as long
as we keep heading west,
and we're heading west!
You don't know that, Michael.
Tracey,
that's the sun, so that's South
and that's west!
That's what you say.
It's not
my opinion.
It has to do with
the position of the sun!
Oh, please,
this whole direction thing
is totally arbitrary!
We're lost!
And we're gonna die
out here, and they're
gonna find our bones
one day, and I hate you!
You know what?
Just follow me,
or they will find your bones,
because I'll kill you.
Now, come on!
Great.
Oh, God, it's
starting to rain?!
Look, there's a cave over there.
A cave?
Look,
if you don't like it,
then stay out here.
Well, don't leave me all alone!
Oh, we are so
totally gonna die.
You bastard.
We are not gonna die!
Says you.
Oh, my God.
We're totally gonna die!
So, have you talked to Hannah
since you got back?
Oh, yeah. Couple times.
She said she's waiting
for her new assignment,
probably Southern Iraq.
I find it anomalous
that you would leave her
since you believe
so emphatically in
the mythic powers of love.
Do you understand
what she's saying?
Just nod.
Well, I'm just saying that
you wanted to fall in love
and you did in Afghanistan.
You were in Afghanistan?
Yeah, I just got back.
Ah. I was stationed as a
staff sergeant in Kandahar.
Served with my
brother in '04.
I'm a...
well, I was a Ranger.
Oh, you guys
were awesome.
Yeah.
My brother didn't make it back.
Oh. Sorry.
It was worse
for his wife and kid.
I take care of her now.
Sorry, I didn't mean
to bring us down.
You were saying something
about a woman you left behind?
Oh, I didn't leave her behind;
it was her decision to stay.
Well, maybe you didn't
really love her.
No, I...
I do love her. I do.
So, is this
the cave entrance?
This is it.
This one is a male,
late 20s, early 30s.
This is a female,
same approximate age.
PARK RANGER: Kind of sad
the way they're holding
each other, right?
Yeah, what happened there,
Bones?
Well, multiple fractures,
more severe on the female.
It appears they've
been bludgeoned.
Oh. It's, like, he...
he couldn't let her go.
It would appear that way.
I wouldn't make any comparisons
with your current situation.
Oh, uh, thanks... for that.
Thank you.
Maggots and
other insect activity
seem to have cleaned
the bodies of tissue.
Some of the bone
of the skull as well.
Yeah, that'll happen
pretty fast out here.
Well, it makes determining
time of death more difficult.
I'll need
the remains transported
back to the Jeffersonian,
along with the rocks
and the surrounding soil.
Great. Maybe you can lead
the forensics team, Sarge,
all right, so nobody gets lost.
Yeah.
All right,
let's go.
Careful of your head.
Yeah. All right.
Great. So, the
forensics team says
the remains should be at the lab
in a couple of hours.
It seems like we were never
away from each other,
doesn't it?
Yeah.
You okay with that?
Of course.
Why?
Because seven months ago,
you said you...
didn't want to be surrounded by,
you know, crime and death
and sadness.
Well, I needed some time
to rationally assess the best
use of my considerable skills.
Factoring in that we
have such a strong
and mutually beneficial
relationship,
I concluded that...
I could be most useful
solving crimes.
Right. So you're happy
to be working together?
That's what I just said.
Great.
Me, too.
So...
do you miss her?
Yeah, of course I do.
Well, if there's anything
that I can do...
You know, I didn't leave Hannah.
You know, I had to come
back here because of Parker.
I know.
I couldn't
ask her to leave
any more than
she could get me to stay.
I-I'm sorry I brought it up.
Oh, my God.
Hannah. Hey.
What are you doing here?
We can talk
in a minute.
Mm.
I put in a request
to be assigned to the
Washington press corps.
Something you said
you'd never do.
Well, that was
before I realized how much
I hated waking up alone.
Hello.
I'm...
Temperance Brennan.
Ah. I've heard a lot about you.
Hannah Burley.
I assumed.
Yes.
♪ Bones 6x02 ♪
The Couple in the Cave
Original Air Date on September 30, 2010
♪ Main Title Theme ♪ The Crystal Method
-- sync, corrected by elderman --
-- for www.addic7ed.Com --
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I was passed over
for a promotion in Chicago,
and when I heard
Dr. Brennan was back,
I just jumped at the chance
to work here again.
That shows
excellent judgment.
Most of the fractures
on the female are localized
to the left posterior side.
Yeah, there are
multiple breaks
in the femur,
pelvis, vertebrae...
So, what was it like
to meet Hannah?
Oh, she seems... very pleasant
and...
attractive.
Her face fits
comfortably within
the golden ratio.
So you guys did math together?
No, the golden ratio is a
formula that determines beauty.
One to 1.618.
For instance, the
width of the mouth
to the width
of the cheek...
So she's hot.
I see some, uh,
particulates here,
Dr. Hodgins.
You know, if we still
care about finding out
what happened
to these poor people.
I just assumed that when you
guys got back from your trip,
you'd be a real couple.
We were never a couple.
Dr. Saroyan,
you assured me that you
would try to keep
this workplace professional.
And I will,
Dr. Edison.
No, no, no.
You were a couple.
You just weren't having sex.
Were you jealous?
Of course not.
I'm happy for Booth.
Why would I be jealous?
Because it's obvious
you and Agent Booth
were attracted to each other.
I mean, a blind man
could see that.
I just couldn't understand
why you two
just didn't rip
each other's clothes off.
I mean, just get
all butt-naked and...
Oh, my God, oh, my God,
oh, my God. Uh...
I'm-I'm sorry.
Uh, I...
It just popped
out, okay?
You guys weren't focusing.
Dude.
A little self-control?
I hitched a ride on a C-130
coming back from Baghdad.
Oh. Oh.
We got fired on twice.
I was sitting next
to some guy from A.P.
who wet his
brand-new fatigues.
I just, I can't
believe you're here.
It's so strange.
Truthfully, baby,
neither can I.
So,
are you sure that
the press corps
is gonna be exciting
enough for you?
I'll make sure it is.
God, I missed you.
Mm.
I wish I could take
some time off,
but we're just
in the middle
of a double homicide.
Forget it.
We have all the time
in the world now.
They put me up
at the Dupont Hotel.
Call me when you're free.
Dupont.
Place is a dump.
All right, listen,
stop by later, okay?
Here's my key
to my place.
What you got to do
is, you got to just
get it in there and you
got to move it left
to right, and when you
hear the lock pop,
Yeah?
just give it a kick.
That sounds filthy.
I should go.
See you later.
Sorry, is this a bad time?
No, come on in.
Come on in. Come in.
How can
I help you?
Thought your girl
was still in Afghanistan.
Ah, she surprised me.
That explains the grin.
Mm.
Um, I'll make this quick.
Um, a guy I work with
told me about
another murder out there
almost ten years ago.
Some squatter
who lived out in the woods,
he went after someone
that he thought was trespassing.
On federal land?
Yeah, well, the squatter
didn't recognize
the federal government.
Anyway, he beat this guy
so bad, he died.
I just wanted to give you
a copy of the original file.
Why didn't you just call me?
Yeah, I could've.
When I heard we were both combat
vets, I guess I wanted in
on a little bit more action
than I get out in the park.
You know, look, we both
have our jurisdictions.
I can't authorize you to...
No, I just thought that...
No, I-I understand,
you're right. Sorry.
Tell you what,
when I'm in the park,
you're my guy.
Thanks.
Thanks for this.
It's just that, uh...
I always felt
there was
something more I could've done
for my brother, and...
maybe he'd still be here.
Guess I'm still
just trying to do
that little something extra
is all.
We always feel that way
when we lose someone.
Yeah.
Hey, tell you what,
while you're here,
why don't you go and
pick up an application.
The bureau's always looking
for a few good men,
and, I mean, with
your service record...
Tell Jenny in Personnel
that I sent you.
I will. Thanks.
Okay, that's gross.
Vacuuming their noses--
or what used to be their noses--
it's fun.
Want to help?
You are not playing with our
children without supervision.
I'm retrieving pollen
that would've been present
when they took
their last breath.
And I can match that
with the daily
pollen count chart
that the Forest Service keeps.
Oh. Which gives us
an accurate time of death.
Suddenly what I'm doing
is pretty cool, isn't it?
Eh, kind of.
A little.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
How are you feeling?
The baby making
you sick today?
Well, the only place I'm
not nauseous is here.
Which is weird, because...
this place always used
to make me sick before.
Well, when you
feel better...
we can take off
for our baby-moon.
Baby-moon?
Yeah, you know--
last trip
before we lose all freedom
and become our parents.
Which, in your case, is okay,
because, you know,
your dad's pretty cool.
Well, we should
go back to Paris.
Ah, but of course. Where else?
And you get to eat
whatever you'd like,
because you're gonna look
like the Hindenburg anyway.
Nice, nice.
More to love, you know?
More to love.
Mm.
Did you I.D.
the victim yet?
Well, sort of.
The woman...
is Hillary Fuller.
I got a match through the DMV,
which led to a
missing persons report
filed by her boss.
But the guy's skull
was a little bit harder.
George Clooney.
Victim's skull was funky,
so this was the best
that I could do.
Oh, victim, who art thou?
Oh, Agent Booth.
No.
No what?
No, I'm not gonna
talk about Hannah.
Oh, I just want you to
know that I understand
this could be a
loaded situation,
and if you need
any help...
Maybe you should
take care of your
own house first.
I imagine you're
referring to me and Daisy.
Yeah, that whole on-again,
off-again thing,
that's not good.
I know, I know.
I'm trying to deal
with it, but I find that
if I consider making
a clean break, you know,
although it opens up
my world sexually,
Oh-ho!
I might lose...
You're seriously talking
about that now?
No. No, of course not.
That's good. Good, pal.
But to wrap up,
Daisy and I
Yeah.
have no obligations
to each other,
no commitments.
You know, we're just
riding that wave.
Ride the wave.
You hang ten.
I'm gonna go try and
solve a murder, okay?
Don't forget the SPF.
So, you reported
Hillary Fuller missing.
Yes.
She was my marketing manager.
Um, she'd only worked for me
for a few months,
but, uh, it wasn't like her
to just disappear.
So I called her place,
her cell.
Then I got worried.
Right.
Do you take an interest
in all your employees?
What do you mean?
Oh, well,
you're single;
Hillary is very attractive.
Hey,
I came down here to help;
now I'm a suspect?
Why are you so defensive?
I'm just asking a question.
Look...
Hillary,
she seemed great.
We went out to lunch
a couple times.
She p-put on the brakes.
And you were okay with that?
Yes. Yes, she didn't
want to get involved.
That's cool; I'm a big boy.
You recognize
this man?
Sure, it's
George Clooney.
She was killed
by George Clooney?
It's not Clooney;
it's the other victim.
You know what I think?
I think Hillary and this man
were killed by somebody
who was very jealous.
I reported her missing,
remember?
I do. I remember, yeah.
I'm here at the U.S. base in
Afghanistan's Khost Province...
She is hot.
Yes, she's
in Afghanistan.
The temperature
is frequently over
a hundred degrees.
No. Attractive hot.
Sexy hot.
Of course.
So Booth seems happy
with her, right?
Yes. He always wanted to find
someone to share his life.
I don't think he expected it
to happen like this.
Just like you.
Like me?
Well, you've also found a mate,
although you never expected
to be in a long-term,
monogamous relationship.
Yeah, well, love sort of
decided that for me.
Like Cam,
she never expected
to be a parent.
So I'm the only one living
the life I expected.
Well, how is that, honey?
It's, um...
it's as I expected.
I have time of... Whoa.
Wow.
Is that her?
Don't drool, Hodgins.
Huh?
No, no, no. Only when I...
look at you, Angie.
May I?
I, uh, found time of death.
I cross-referenced
the pollen
from the nasal cavity
with the pollen charts
at the Forest Service.
They died two weeks ago
on the 13th.
I'll tell Booth.
...person might have gained
entry onto the base.
This is the third time
this year
a suicide bomber has struck...
She's not that great, really.
You know. Homely.
Homely, actually,
I mean, compared to you.
Keep going. Don't stop.
Goddess on high.
Mother
of my unborn child.
Love of my life.
So, you're sure
they died on the 13th?
Hodgins was certain. Why?
A park ranger mentioned
a killing, you know,
a while ago, so I
checked it out.
Here, let me use
this computer here.
Winston Hinkle.
He had a history
of mental illness.
Got into a big fight
with a camper
and ended up
beating him to death.
Got eight years
for manslaughter.
What does this have to do
with the 13th?
Well, he was released
two weeks ago, on the 11th.
Parole officer says he lives
right outside the park.
Uh-huh.
So Hinkle was diagnosed
with bipolar
and cyclothymic disorder
with episodes of paranoia.
Okay, so why would
they let him out?
Well, the attending
psychiatrist feels
that his illness
is under control.
He's taking his meds,
hasn't had a serious episode
in over three years.
Booth.
Oh, hey.
Uh...
No, I'm just, uh, working.
No. Not Bones.
Sweets.
Sure.
All right, I'll
see you then.
Okay.
What are you staring at?
Don't do that.
I just think it's...
it's interesting
that you'd be so
self-conscious...
on the phone.
Really?
Interesting?
Because I'm having
a private conversation
in front of someone
who's really nosy?
Well... you could
be self-conscious
'cause I know your history
with Dr. Brennan.
I mean, you know, it's natural
to have mixed feelings...
Do you want to know
what I'm feeling?
Yeah.
Do you really want to
know what I'm feeling?
Please.
Okay, when I
left Afghanistan,
I was miserable, thinking that
I would never see Hannah again.
And... and why do you
think that is, huh,
Dr. Phil?
Why don't you tell me?
Because
I'm crazy about her.
Because my life is just way
better when we're together.
Right? Which is
why I'm happy.
All right? The past
is the past, okay?
I'm happy, Sweets.
I believe you.
Yeah.
You're a lucky man.
I know.
Now, let's get on your
little shrinky mojo
so that you can pick up
any leftover crazy
that the other doctors
might have missed.
My shrinky mojo--
that's how it works?
Yeah.
Mm-hmm, yeah,
that's how it works.
Stop staring at me like that.
Oh.
Okay.
You did bring
your gun, right?
Yeah.
This is private property;
you're trespassing.
FBI.
Mr. Hinkle, I just have
to ask you a few questions.
I did my time-- I check in with
my parole officer every week.
I could either tell
your parole officer
that you were belligerent
or cooperative.
Which do you think
he'd be happier with?
If you got a question,
you just ask it.
Yeah, a couple
was found dead
here in the park, two days
after you were released.
Yeah, I guess I should
have expected this.
Expected to be caught?
He means he expected to be
perceived as the man he was.
That's what your
doctor told you?
I'm on my meds;
I turned my life around.
I know what I did was wrong.
Of course, why should
anybody else believe that?
You have court-ordered
therapy sessions twice a week.
Any trouble making it out
to the sessions from here?
No.
Okay, can you
account for your whereabouts
on the 13th?
No.
Do you recognize
these people?
Him, yeah.
They showed us
his movies in prison.
It's not George
Clooney, okay?
These are the victims.
Beaten, like the guy you killed.
I deserve this, I know.
But I didn't kill
anybody, I swear.
I'm gonna keep an eye
on you... Winston.
So?
Well, he seems to be
telling the truth,
but his meds could
be masking a lot.
You know,  honestly, your whole
mojo is just disappointing.
But my mojo's good.
The injuries on the female
indicate that
the left posterior
ribs eight through 11
shattered, piercing the heart,
lungs and kidneys.
Her scapula is also broken,
which could have
pierced the lung.
His injuries were
more presented in the anterior
and weren't as severe.
Internal bleeding would have
taken much longer to kill him.
He could've gone for help.
The woman was bleeding out.
Perhaps he didn't
want to leave her.
So he stayed and held her.
And she died in his arms.
We need to discover
why the injuries were localized:
his in the front,
hers in the back.
No one would deliver
a beating so... carefully.
Seeley tells me
you're the best partner
he's ever had.
Well, I'm sure
that's true.
I'm not only gifted
intellectually
and internationally
known, but I'm also
highly skilled
in various methods
of self-defense.
I like a person who
isn't hampered by modesty.
I have two Peabodys,
a National Press Award,
and I've been wounded
three times getting stories.
I kick
Christiane Amanpour's ass.
We are both
quite impressive.
Booth never told me how you met.
It was outside Marja.
The Taliban controlled the area,
and I was going in
to interview one of the leaders.
She was told not
to go in, but,
of course, it didn't matter,
she goes in.
I was heading to a cafe, walking
across this little town square,
and an insurgent opened fire.
Anyway, Seeley
was there.
I didn't notice at the time--
he was hidden, of course.
I was scrambling
for cover.
The sniper was still firing when
I heard another shot ring out.
The sniper dropped--
wounded,
not killed, because
he might have information.
Seeley never went for the kill
if he could help it.
He saved your life.
You know what,
we met on the field.
Let's just leave it at that,
shall we?
Let's just say
I was very appreciative.
You're implying
that you showed
your appreciation sexually.
Oh, yeah!
Yeah.
Under a fig tree.
I never liked figs,
now I... I love 'em.
I know.
Brennan.
Oh, Booth is here, too.
I'll put you on speakerphone.
Hey. So I found eggs from
the Sternorrhyncha Aphidoidea.
They were on George Clooney.
It's like pulling teeth from
this guy. Okay, Hodgins,
the eggs, they come
from chickens, or...?
Yeah, I just told you-- aphids.
So I hatched the eggs,
and it turns out
the aphids are wingless.
Who's that?
This is fascinating.
Hannah.
Oh. Hey, uh, hi.
Uh, it's nice to meet you.
I, um...
I'm, uh, Hodgins.
Um, Dr. Hodgins.
Uh, I am a big fan.
I just read the piece where
you stuck it to CENTCOM in 2009.
Thanks.
Hey, maybe while you're here,
you can find out
why every time there's
a big story, and I mean like
an earthquake
or government corruption,
there's always some celebrity
story that takes focus.
You know?
The BP oil spill,
Hodges.
Lindsay Lohan goes to jail,
and the country takes
their eye off the ball.
Hodgins.
Media is used
to distract us all the time.
You're taking him seriously?
Michael Jackson's
funeral is on 24 hours a day,
and nobody finds out
about the coup in Honduras.
Felt fishy to me.
I love this woman.
We were talking
about wingless aphids,
Dr. Hodgins.
We were?
Right, yes, no, we w-were.
So, wingless aphids,
they couldn't have existed
where we found the remains.
They live in
windier environments
at a higher altitude.
So I checked
the wind patterns
at various altitudes,
and I found some cabins
in the park
that hikers use to rest.
They must have been there.
The male victim may have left
something which could I.D. him.
Thanks, Hodgins.
We should get back to the park.
And I got
to get up to Capitol Hill.
I'm covering
the Armed Services hearing.
I'll see you back
at the apartment.
Yes.
PARK RANGER:
If George Clooney
had been up here,
I'm sure I'd remember.
Ah, it's not Clooney.
Apparently, it's not
a very accurate sketch.
Sorry, I don't recognize
either one of 'em.
But, then, hundreds
of people come to
the park every day.
Well, it's worth a shot.
Cabins are
inspected weekly.
If anything was found,
I'm sure it would be
in the lost and found.
There doesn't seem to be
anything in the cabin.
I filled out
my application
like you said.
You know, if, uh, we
work well together,
maybe you'll give me
a recommendation,
brothers in arms,
and all.
We'll see what happens.
Look at this, Booth.
Wow. Look at all
these names, huh?
Talk about the love shack!
Couples have been known
to use the shelter for the...
occasional romantic interlude.
Like a fig tree.
Beg your pardon?
Nothing.
I like figs.
Look at this.
This is fresh. "9-13."
The day they died.
"HF."
Hillary Fuller.
Yeah, but who's FV?
I was trying anything
to get an idea
of the mystery man,
so I analyzed
the strontium isotope
composition of his teeth.
Now, it indicates
that the victim
spent his first 20 or so
years in Central America.
Probably Guatemala,
based on the oxygen ratios.
Well, the remaining tissue
I collected from his hands
shows a high level of nicotine.
So he had
green tobacco sickness.
He was a migrant worker
picking tobacco.
Which might be why we
can't get a match for him.
So the initials "FV" would
probably be Spanish in origin.
But Hillary Fuller was
a college-educated woman
with a good job
at a marketing firm.
Why would she be
romantically involved
with a migrant worker?
See if the victims share
any additional
genetic or
environmental markers.
So, she was a marketing director
and he was a migrant worker.
I can't believe they
were a romantic couple.
Just because they had
different backgrounds,
what, you're saying that
they can't be in love?
Your belief in the power of
love is admirable, Booth,
but an affair between these two
is an anthropological anomaly.
Yeah, I mean, crossing
class boundaries that extreme
would be rare
and indicate
that our victims had
something in common we haven't
discovered yet.
So it's not possible
for two people to overcome
their differences?
We couldn't.
What?
She's right.
This is not about us.
Sometimes when I was away,
I would imagine us together.
Really?
While pleasant,
it was clearly
a fantasy,
because we are
also anomalous.
But you were lucky enough
to meet someone
with whom you have parity.
Love.
With whom I have love.
Do you guys want
to talk about this?
Nope.
No?
'Cause I figure
since Hannah is now
a part of your life...
Why don't you just focus
on what connected them,
if they were so incompatible.
Okay? That's easy enough
for you to do, right?
Brennan.
I found the connection.
Osteopenia.
Both victims exhibit
low bone mass
and suppressed
bone formation.
They were alcoholics.
Oh. That's the connection.
Now, although Hillary Fuller's
bones were still weak,
her osteoblasts
did show evidence
of a recent increase
in bone growth,
sufficient to indicate that
she hadn't been drinking
for at least two years.
I did a count on the male
victim's osteoblasts, too,
and found that they were
also returning to normal.
So he had also stopped drinking.
But according to the figures,
only within the last year.
All right, thanks.
So both of them
had stopped drinking.
She more than
two years ago;
he less than a year.
I know the connection.
A.A.
Excuse me.
FBI. I see you're
wearing your chip.
So you've probably been
coming here for a while, huh?
This is a safe
environment.
We don't rat out
our friends here.
Just want to ask you a few
questions about Hillary Fuller.
She used to live
in this area, so this
was probably her meeting.
I ain't talking to no cop.
Don't be such an ass-hat, Hank.
I knew Hillary.
What happen,
she fall off the wagon?
No,
but she is dead.
We believe murdered.
Oh, God.
You still haven't learned
how to ease into that one,
right, Bones?
Do you recognize
this man?
He killed her?
He seems so nice in the movies.
No, this is the
other victim
who was found with Hillary.
His initials are F.V.
F.V.
Oh, Felix!
He does kind of look
like George Clooney.
Oh... wait, I-I-I...
I can't believe this--
Felix is gone, too?
They were found in
Taylor National
Park in a cave.
Makes sense.
Why is that?
If Hillary was
sponsoring someone,
she would take them
in the woods so they could
get in touch with themselves.
It's a good way
to assess the, you know,
the damages they've done
in their life
and make amends.
Yeah.
You in the program?
I'm a gambler.
But I haven't
laid a bet in years.
I do miss
the coffee here, though.
Were Hillary and Felix
romantically involved?
It's not supposed to happen
with your sponsor,
but they just kind of clicked.
And he was having
some trouble at home--
guess his girlfriend
was getting jealous
because Hillary
was helping Felix stay sober.
Right, and they
were falling in love.
That, too.
I guess his girlfriend
couldn't handle it.
But that's life, right?
Things change.
Do you know where we can
find Felix's girlfriend?
Felix was no saint.
He might have been
a teacher in Guatemala,
but here he was just a drunk--
you have his record there.
Right, drunk
and disorderly,
buying alcohol for
a minor, petty theft.
Not major crimes.
You defending him now?
That kid he bought booze for
got into an accident
or something.
I'm just trying to find
out who killed Felix,
and right now you're looking
like a good suspect.
Aw, screw you, man.
Screw me?
Yeah, screw you.
I was always there for him.
I bailed the bastard
out of jail.
I cleaned him up
after he was so drunk
he slept in the street,
and then he cheats on me?
Well, you
don't seem
too upset to find out
that he's dead.
You live with a drunk,
you expect them to die--
I guess I was ready.
All right, so... you
weren't needed anymore
once he got sober.
Right?
I wasted my time with him--
he wasn't a real man.
A real man can take a drink,
he can still party--
he was not a man.
He was to another woman.
That must have made you angry.
Why didn't you
report him missing?
Because I just thought
he'd run off with that bitch.
So you followed him to the woods
just to make sure that was true.
You found him in the woods?
I got allergies--
I don't go to the woods.
Oh, people do crazy things
when they're angry.
Can you account for where
you were on the 13th, Lupe?
I don't have to talk to you.
I don't have to say anything.
I know.
Well, this is the best lunch
I've had in a long time.
Yeah.
You want dessert?
I got to get back to work.
No.
Well, there's always
dinner, right?
You and Brennan...
You two seem solid.
Well... happens
after, you know,
working together
for what, five years.
You know,
I-I'm a little jealous,
actually.
What, you actually think that
there's something going on
between... me and Bones?
No, not that.
Unless there's something
I should know.
No,
of course not.
I guess I'm just jealous
of what you two do together.
The action
in the field.
Oh.
So the Armed Services Committee
is not doing it for you.
No. I think I'm
the only one in the press corps
who refuses to write
her stories from press releases.
You're gonna make trouble
while you're here, aren't you?
As much as possible.
Isn't that why you love me?
That's definitely
one of the reasons.
I got to get back...
to work, Hannah.
I know, I know.
But I'm trouble, remember?
All right!
I was told these
are for you.
Yes, these are the tires
from Lupe Rojas's car.
She denies going to
the park, but Booth
doesn't believe her.
And if she's lying,
the tread should contain
insect and plant matter
that could place here there.
Yeah, exactly.
You know,
you could be
my lovely assistant.
Yes, but since I'm your boss,
you're my lovely assistant.
Ah.
Yeah, right.
Well, at least I'm lovely.
I've reexamined the injuries,
but I haven't found
anything new.
And why do you think
that is?
Because there's nothing new.
Because you've been
looking at them
as if both victims
were attacked and beaten.
Of course. Wasn't
that your supposition?
Yes. But was it yours?
Because an assistant who
doesn't think for himself
has no value to me.
Okay, but I thought that...
No, you didn't--
that's the point.
You repeated an
inconclusive assumption
I made without
all the evidence.
Evidence, by the way, you
were supposed to supply
while I was busy
with other duties.
Okay, I'm gonna assume that
I missed something here.
I can guarantee
that you missed something.
Perhaps this is a reason that
you didn't get
your promotion in Chicago.
Dr. Brennan...
If you hope to redeem
yourself in my eyes,
you will look
at these remains
and tell me exactly what
it is that you missed.
I'm guessing this is about
more than a mistake
by an assistant.
Why would you
think that?
Do you know what she's
talking about, or...?
Yes. But I prefer to focus on
my own failings at this moment.
Someone's altered
your relationship
with Booth, Dr. Brennan.
Do you mean Hannah?
Yes.
Whether or not
you're happy for him,
you have to have feelings
about it.
And if you can't keep that
out of the workplace...
Oh, my God.
I'm sorry,
Dr. Edison, but sometimes
our personal lives
directly affect our work.
No, no, I see what
Dr. Brennan means.
These two people
weren't beaten at all.
You see?
This is about nothing more
than Dr. Edison's incompetence.
That was very kind.
But if they
weren't beaten,
why did Dr. Hodgins
find traces
of sedimentary rock
in their wounds?
Because they
fell on rocks.
And she broke his fall,
which is why his injuries
weren't as severe.
Very good. You see?
I was merely helping Dr. Edison
to be a better scientist.
I apologize, Dr. Brennan.
Accepted.
Those people in Chicago...
were...
foolish to lose you, Dr. Edison.
Thank you.
It's actually quite amusing
to think that Hannah
could ever affect my work.
So I input all
of the injuries and breaks
that were found
on both of the victims.
You can see
that they share
mirror fractures
on their chests
and pelvises.
They're compression fractures
that they share
because he landed
on top of her.
This also explains
why his zygomatic and maxilla
are shattered.
His face struck the
rocks directly.
Now, here are
the injuries on her back.
And I found
some photographs
of the area
surrounding the cave.
I used topographical
overlay software
to find the rocks that would
match their injuries.
So this section
of the rocks here
is the section
that matches their injuries.
It's about 250 feet
from the cave.
Well, with the amount of blood
loss they both were suffering,
they couldn't have
made it any farther.
This is the spot.
Well, I want a forensics
team to come and,
you know, brush
through all these rocks.
They fell from up there.
Maybe it was
a suicide thing.
Nah. Uh-uh.
There was no note.
And everyone who knew them
said they were pretty happy.
W-What's up there?
It's a vista point.
Beautiful view.
It's just tough to access.
Usually only experienced
hikers go up there.
Well, Hillary was experienced.
She brought people
from the program up here.
Program?
Yeah. A.A.
So there wouldn't be a
lot of people up there?
No one would see if someone
pushed the couple off the cliff?
God. No, I guess not.
Booth.
Great. Thanks.
That was Hodgins. Lupe lied.
He found evidence,
uh, in her tire treads
that she was up here.
This place is freaky.
Why are we here?
Is this some kind
of torture place?
We're just going
to verify your story.
I didn't kill them.
Oh, really? Then why did you
lie about going to the park?
Because I knew
you wouldn't believe me
if you knew
I drove out there.
Now that you lied, I
believe you even less.
I am telling you,
I got allergies.
I followed them, but then I
started sneezing up there.
My eyes puffed up.
I couldn't see,
so I went home.
You ready?
All ready.
Ready? Ready, ready, ready.
Ready? Ready for what?
What are we ready for?
I'm not ready.
What are those?
Well, you know,
you said you followed them
to the top of the trail, till
you couldn't go any further.
'Cause I was sneezing
and stuff. Yeah.
Yeah, so we're just going
to do a little experiment.
I feel really
uncomfortable about this.
We usually don't do experiments
on live humans.
I know.
Should be fun.
You said you were going to give
me a chance to clear myself.
We are, unless you want me to
lock you up for a few weeks,
until a public defender comes
along to take your case.
That's up to you.
What do you think?
These are plants
that grow at the higher
altitudes in the park.
Trumpet honeysuckle,
red twig dogwood,
Russian hawthorn.
Let's start
with that one.
What are you, witches?
'Cause my grandmother
knows spells.
Okay. Next one.
This is dogwood.
Not looking good, Lupe.
And this is
the honeysuckle.
Oh!
Jeez!
God! Get it away!
Clark, why didn't you say
you were allergic?
I didn't know!
I'm calling my grandma!
She's telling the
truth, Booth.
Her allergies are severe and
she wouldn't have been able
to continue following
them up there.
I'm going to go get
an antihistamine.
I think I found something.
Most of the flesh was decomposed
or eaten by parasites,
except for this area,
around his eye and cheek.
Flesh is desiccated,
and seems to be untouched
by scavengers.
If they ate everything else, why
would the animals avoid that?
That's what I asked myself.
So I did an analysis
of the tissue
and compared it
with the tissue
I took off other parts
of the remains.
This tissue from around his eye
contains capsaicin.
Pepper spray?
Yes, but at a very high
concentration.
Government issue.
The scavengers
wouldn't touch it.
Wait a second.
Forest Services issues
a highly
concentrated spray
to park rangers,
who encounter bears
or other aggressive anals.
We looked at Felix's
rap sheet a little closer,
and the minor he bought
liquor for was your niece.
She drank too much and
got into a car accident.
And she died.
Isn't that
right, Gary?
I saw him hiking
with that woman.
I recognized him
from court.
When they left the cabin,
I... followed them.
Your sister-in-law's
been through enough.
She lost your brother
in Afghanistan
and then her daughter.
It's not fair.
Neither was killing
those two people.
They let him off
with a slap on the wrist.
Counseling.
That's crap!
He needed to pay.
We're both soldiers.
You understand.
I don't. I don't get that.
Come on, man.
When we were over there,
we took care of business.
We didn't wait
for some trial.
What about the woman?
e was defending him,
saying that he turned
his life around.
Collateral damage.
It happens.
This isn't war, Gary.
He killed Sarah.
She never had a chance
to turn her life around.
So you sprayed them
with pepper spray,
and you pushed them
off the cliff.
I did the right thing.
For Sarah and my brother.
Nobody's ever going to tell me
I didn't do the right thing.
♪ Every day is a struggle ♪
♪ Between what I want to say ♪
♪ And what I should keep
to myself ♪
♪ And the words that manage
to leave my lips ♪
♪ Don't hurt me ♪
♪ But they hurt everyone else ♪
♪ So ♪
♪ I find myself
in need of a pause ♪
♪ I'm not sure why ♪
♪ But I think
that it's because ♪
♪ Of this desire to be
what others want me to be... ♪
It's sad, you know?
But at least
they died in each
other's arms.
How could that have made their
deaths any less horrible?
Well, 'cause it was love.
I mean... I mean, if
you're going to go,
it's best to go with
someone you love.
No, but he didn't
have to go.
He could have walked farther
and gotten help.
At least one of them
would have lived.
Well, he couldn't leave her.
All right,
that-that's what love is.
So you're saying that love
is foolish and illogical.
No. It's-it's thinking
of someone before yourself.
It's giving your life,
if necessary,
to that person.
I mean, it's, uh, it's love.
And if a person
falls out of love
and meets someone else?
Those selfless acts
would suddenly appear
to be dangerously
irresponsible, wouldn't they?
No. It was still love.
Well, I could never
live like that.
Survival is the
human imperative.
If we don't look out for
ourselves, nothing else matters.
That's not true.
You know that, Bones. That is...
That's not true. You know that.
You're experiencing a rush
of dopamine, norepinephrine,
and serotonin with Hannah.
Those feelings are wonderful.
I've felt them.
But I won't rely on
the transient nature
of chemicals for my happiness.
Here she is. Wow.
Hey!
Wow. That's
a dress.
Hey, Temperance.
Hello.
So, you guys
catch a bad guy?
Yes.
It was a park ranger with
a perverse sense of justice.
Oh.
So, this is, like,
a post-criminal drink?
Yeah. It's a post...
Y-you want one?
I'll have one.
Or two.
Or three at dinner.
We should go.
We're going to be late.
Yeah, yeah.
We should get going.
Do you want to go?
Oh, no, thanks.
I have to catalog
all the forensics.
Come on. Clark can do it.
I don't mind.
Have a good night.
So, I'll see you
tomorrow, then.
Um, one night,
you and me.
Girls' night out.
We'll dish about Seeley.
Come on, let's go.
Okay, okay.
♪ But I'll see better
when the smoke clears ♪
♪ When the smoke clears
inside my head ♪
♪ And I can listen
when the screaming ♪
♪ Doesn't repeat
everything I've said ♪
♪ All that remains is me
and who I am... ♪
-- sync, corrected by elderman --
-- for www.addic7ed.Com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org